---
title: PACT Meeting
layout: post
notes: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1J6zP9emyDiEKVWxB9-Heb5WOwwvETMiY5Q2Eb3eZBwY/preview
---

<!-- ## **Meeting Agenda**

*We’ll put agenda items and notes in here and then copy it to create a public version of the notes for the PACT site.* -->

<!-- *Format*

* *Item (Speaker)*  
  * Note  
    * ***TODO \[Assignee\]: Action Item***

* *Slack shutdown (Amrit)*  
  * Formal grievance complaint with Jackie: union contract was violated (clear violation: they should have given us 30 days notice)  
  * Also mentioned the Tech PhD listserv issue  
  * Gave specific questions for Jackie about policy for inviting people  
  * The school has 5 days to respond; they will respond in writing. Amrit will share with those who are interested. Next steps will depend on their response.  
  * Currently if anyone wants to join the slack, just email them.  
  * For future reference (if it’s helpful for other issues), another union lever is filing a request for information (RFI) to answer questions like “who is responsible for sending Slack invites”.  
* *House rent increases (Nathan)*  
  * They changed the contract and asked us to pay more than what we signed.  
  * There will be people who didn’t notice they’re paying more than they signed for. How do we let them know?   
    * ***TODO \[Teresa\]: Make a spreadsheet***  
  * The House is severely understaffed  
  * We should push the petition.  
* PhD Lounge  
  * Plants are not doing so great  
    * ***TODO \[Sophie\]: Look into getting plants that don’t need too much light, and artificial lighting***  
  * Easy way to project things to the projector\!  
  * Cleanup  
    * ***TODO \[Sophie\] Aim for next couple days send out info*** -->