---
layout: post
title: 💰 Getting funding from PACT
# subtitle: Each post also has a subtitle
categories: Events
excerpt_image: assets/images/posts/fieldday.jpg
tags: [reimbursements, funding]
---


## Requesting and Getting Approval

Publicly available funding is divided into two categories: small and large requests. Small requests are any requests no more than $150 USD.

### Small Projects Funding

Approval for small projects is automatically granted using the following process unless objections are raised:

Use the following template to announce your request to the overall PhD student body at Cornell Tech. This can be to the [#phds-community Slack channel](https://cornelltech.slack.com/archives/C0909RWEVT7) or via e-mail at tech-phd-students-l[at]list[dot]cornell[dot]edu.

```
Hi,

I'm proposing the following use of funds under the PACT small projects funding guidelines for <brief purpose of your request>:

 - <Itemized list of requested expenses ($ estimate of item)>

The estimated total for this funding request is <$ estimated total>.
```

### Objections
To object to a request, please reply to the request or contact a [PACT officer](/about.html) within 3 business days. If there are two or more objections, the requestor and objectors should attend the next [PACT meeting](/calendar.html) to discuss the request. Otherwise, the request will be auto-approved following the objection period.

Note that the PACT Treasurer and President may issue a blanket objection for all requests for the remaining duration of the semester <ins>if and only if</ins> the PACT budget cannot support further requests.

### PACT Meeting Approval

Small requests which are not auto-approved and all large requests more than $150 dollars must be presented at a PACT board meeting for approval. In this meeting, please prepare to discuss the purpose of your request, why it serves the broader PhD student community at Cornell Tech and estimated itemized costs.

During this meeting, any PACT officer may motion to reject the request or motion to send the request to referendum. If at least two officers reject, the request is rejected.

If at least three officers motion to send the request to referendum, a proposal must be made to the PhD student body at large, either via Slack, e-mail or in-person. The applicant must collect explicit approval from at least 25% of the current PhD student population at Cornell Tech. If collected and verified by the Strategic Officer, the request is approved.

Requests which are not rejected outright or sent to referendum are approved.

### Spending Approved Funds

Approved funds must be spent within 30 days of receiving approval.

Most requests will be spent out of pocket. **Please remember to save and scan your receipts and the Treasurer will work with you to reimburse you.**